bpo-45166: fixes `get_type_hints` failure on `Final` (#28279)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2021-09-10-21-35-53.bpo-45166.UHipXF.rst

> Fixes that ``Final`` wrapped in ``ForwardRef`` was failing during
> ``get_type_hints``.

Reviewer: May I suggest:
```suggestion
:func:`typing.get_type_hints` now works with :data:`~typing.Final` wrapped in
:class:`~typing.ForwardRef`.
```

Author: Thanks! 👍
